First official supervision meeting with new supervisor.

Outline of notes during meeting:

- Personal air measurement
- Prototypes
- The world
- Market

Aspects of productification but is academic so should be focused on scientific results and research.
The final paper should probably somewhere have a section about brining this thing to market.
In this section there should be a brief discussion about existing solutions available on the market.

Evaluating the project has two significant approaches.

1. (Short term study) Evaluation of focused individual interaction with system to do Setup, Input/Output, Ergonmy, User friendlyness, etc
2. (Long term study) Evaluation of use in either a real setting or very close to real setting. A group of users try an actual prototype and use if for specified period.

The second part (long term study) will be the main contribution of this paper. It will answer the question: Does this device make sense in everyday use?
The two studies gives different kind of complimentary results. It does not make much sense to do the second part without the first part.
Make sure that the prototype is actually stable before comencing the studies (specifically the second part) and also before replicating the device.

One of the first things to to is to identify: who are you designing for? Is it:\

- Everyday communters?
- Bikers?
- Students?
- Tourist?

Look at the related work closely. The question of who is acutally interested in this question might already be answered / expored so I don't have to.
If you want to focus on bikers you need to argue for that going from a generic focus / target group into the focused group of bikers. 

Do a broader related work survey where you do not only take the work from ITU into account using some keywords like:

- Air quality
- Crowsourcing
- Bikers
- Pedestreans
- Wearable
- Cars
- Personal

Who in a city is exposed to bad air? Consider also people indoors. Is it worse to be 8 hours indoor in a work place with moderate air quality of 5 mins outside on the street with the polution of the cars? This can help motivate towards focusing on bikes.

How many devices t oun for studies? Long term we will probably need 4-5 devices to be used in parallel to get enough and significant data. Also to allow for failure of devies. It is to risky to rely on a single device if it fails (it will also take too long to gather enough data). Talk to sebastian about the prototype, about replicating and finiancing it.

Don't replicate before we are sure the prototypes are stable in design and build quality.

Create a timeplan. It takes long time to engage people. Start to setup the sutdy sometime in the middle (long term). Maybe 2 months in. Run things in parallel. The long term study should probably take around 6 weeks. Example: Related work in parallel with planning long term study in parallel with final touches on prototype. If you get stuck on one task for some reason you can easily switch to anther task until you are no longer blocked. 

For the next meeting (july 27) you should identify the state of the prototype. What needs to be done? Is the hardware ok and stable? does it need enclosure? Does the app work and is stable and user friendly? This identification is the start pf the short term study. Start with the prototype.

Important: Start writing the thesis right away. Begin with the headings. They should be very similar to a ubicomp paper. The main difference is that a thesis is just much longer and more elaborated. Write notes as you go along right in the report. Use it as kind of scratch part of thoughts and notes for the different kind of tasks that you are working on.

## Identified tasks

- Identify target user group
- Find more related work (IEEE, Google Scholar, ACM)
- Go broader in definition (don't limit to bikes)
- Create a timeplan (Gant chart)
- Identify the status of the prototype
- Start writing headings / outlines for thesis paper
- Read up on differnt kind of User Interaction Design evaluation techniques (long term / short term)
- Skim through book from Thomas


